## Session 4

#### Roll Call 

[[Vaen Silversong]] 
[[Seraphina Shadowbloom]] 
[[Workax Dreyman]] 


Go to see [[Nigel Del La Plumph]] uncle
- He knows about [[Ella]] being a [[Kingdom of Zemland/ImportCLI/compendium/bestiary/undead/vampire|vampire]] (Thanks for the heads up you pompous old fart) - mental note, need to rob his ass(ets) or worse.
- Get 1000gp payment (put into party funds - of which [[Seraphina Shadowbloom]] is the treasurer :))
	- Will get 500gp upon receipt of amulet
		- If he is willing to pay 500gp for it, there must be others willing to pay more.
	- He knows of [[Donjon Family]] & [[Rasbroth]] family.
		- all appears to be down to a bad land deal.
		- He says he know nothing about any murder ([[Vaen Silversong]]  asked about it)

As [[Nigel Del La Plumph]] & [[Eirwen Sarkan]] are still sleeping off the night before - lightweights, we go to [[Adventurers Guild]] .
- In a cross-over region of city.
	- Lower class and rich mixing it up
- [[Adventurers Guild]]  is an elaborate building with banners on the outside.
- Join up
	- 5% of fee for the job if successful.
	- No joining fee.
	- Beds and food/drinks available for free.
	- Given a badge for id purposes.
	- [[Vaen Silversong]] decides we are now known as the Dawn Breakers - more like wind breakers, but hey.
	- Go to job board.
		- Adventurers needed. Speak to [[Lord Barbas]]  at [[Shingen Manor]] .
	- Typical chatter nothing special gathered from the other adventures present.

Go to [[Shingen Manor]] .
- Half a days travel out of city.
	- [[Vaen Silversong]] wants to buy a wagon.
		- Goes to used wagon dealer.
		- Get [[cart]] and [[Kingdom of Zemland/ImportCLI/compendium/items/draft-horse|draft-horse]]  (out of party funds).
	- On way out see 2 figures on roof top.
	- As we approach the manor it appears to be a run down building.
	- Ruin is an illusion.
		- Gold window frames.
		- Stained glass
		- A Skellington horse appears - nice security system.
		- Show the job notice to the horse of course!!!  an elven woman appears and invites us in.
		- Leads us up wooden staircase.
		- [[Lord Barbas]] 
			- has a pet undead dragon.
			- Job, he needs some ingredients.
				- Ore.
					- Dwarfium 50gp per piece (fist size).
						- Glows purple in dark
						- Dwarven ruin [[Black Forrest]] 
						- Abandoned?
						- Off main path.
						- Maybe overgrown
				- Blood of dire-rat. 40gp
					- Near Dwarfium ruin in [[Black Forrest]] .
				- Essence of violet. 60gp
				- We stay the night at the manors guest house.
					- In long house gold sword with gems.
					- Dragon knight armour (old)
					- Wake up to find shredded books no sign of what did this.
					- Get breakfast
						- Get advantage on perception for 1 hour
					- [[Workax Dreyman]] talks to undead dragon.
						- Dragon is held against its will.
				- Leave next morning.

Head towards [[Black Forrest]] .
- Hear whispering
- Overgrown 
- Large clearing.
	- Dwarven ruins.
	- Find 27 pieces of the ore.
	- Round back of a tower paw prints
		- About 1 week old.
		- Dire-rat tracks.
	- Head into ruins.
		- Long time left abandoned 
		- Behind book shelf, secret entrance way.
			- Tunnel, faint glow coming from end.
			- Hear skittering 
			- See a large creature wearing what could be armour.
				- Book golem.
				- Protecting room.
				- Try to remove ore.
				- Golem not liking it.
				- Combat.
					- We win.
				- Search room.
				- Find ledger
				- Great controversy and need to escape this place.
			- Find tunnel from room.
			- Round room with lots of Dwarfium ore.
			- Large rat nest.
			- Small entrance/hole size of small child.
			- Set up a snare trap.
			- Rats comes.
			- Gets trapped
			- Combat
				- We win.
			- We get 5.5 vials of blood

Leave area and head to a clearing where the violets may be.
- Slightly rocky.
	- Looking find violets.
		- Find enough for 12 flowers. (1.5 vials )

Head back to the [[Shingen Manor]] 
- Meet with sister again.
- She takes us to [[Lord Barbas]] .
- He agrees to free dragon if we can find the soul gem.
	- Search the room and find it.
	- Give it to [[Workax Dreyman]] 
	- He goes to dragon and releases dragon.
		- Zacora is Dragons name - names have power especially over Dragon's and fey.
- Get 1350gp
- Spend the night again 
	- Obtain gold sword with gems this turns out to be the same sword found in the sewers.  How, or why, is it following us around.
	- Obtain old dragon knight armour.
- Take sword to [[Lord Barbas]] .  Tries to identify but unable to.

Head back to city,  Come across a group of people showing signs of fight - [[Vaen Silversong]] senses that it is a trap.  We tell them to go and do one!!

Head back to guild and give 5% to them.

Flyer asking for information on lost child within [[Rose Falls]] 

Go to job board.
- Goblin problem
- Rats nest.
- Old job that mentions [[Ella]] - about obtaining rations.  If the [[Cult of Tiamat]] had only spent all the money for this job on the food themselves they could have fed half of the undercity.

[[Workax Dreyman]] creates potions from what we obtained.
- Spider blood 2x [[poisons]] - 2d12dmg (1 vial), 1d8 (1 vital), 
- 1 healing [[potion-of-superior-healing]] 

Do a brief shopping trip.
- [[half-plate-armor]] for [[Vaen Silversong]] 
- alchemy supplies for [[Workax Dreyman]] 
- 2x silvered daggers For [[Seraphina Shadowbloom]] 
- 6x Silvered Arrows for [[Seraphina Shadowbloom]] 

As we leave the shops,  2 shadows on roof.  [[Vaen Silversong]] blasts one and kills.
we capture the other.
- there are 5 others in city.
- We convince the vampire spawn to get the others and leave the city or else!!!
- We see her start to collect her fellows and leave the city.

We go to the adventures guild take rats quest.

Go to [[The Bald Eagle]] 
- Rats nest.
	- 100gp for doing job.
- Go into cellar.
- into a underground room.
- In room are cages with animal bones.
	- Seems to be a fight club going on.
- As we enter room rats jump out at us
- Combat 
	- we win.
- Go to get gunpowder Sera gets attacked from a giant rat - ***I HATE TUNNELS***.
- Combat we win.
- Find a chest - [[Vaen Silversong]] opens it - these guys really don't need someone with my talents, one day they are going to open the wrong thing.
	- Gold buckle.
	- Gold necklace.
	- The gold sword is here again - **arrrrrrrrrggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh**.
- Finally fully clear the rats nest.
- Go back to tavern and speak to goliath owner.
- Agrees to pay 300gp or we tell the authorities about fight club.
- Go back to [[Adventurers Guild]]  and pay their 5% of the original 100gp😁

This sword is now starting to become annoying.  Go to mages guild to get sword identified.  

Whilst the mattress have the sword it vanishes and appears one Sera's back.  The mattress guild address unable to id the sword.  Bloody useless mages.

We go to meet with [[Nigel Del La Plumph]] and [[Eirwen Sarkan]].   [[Eirwen Sarkan]] says she was captured and is beaten up.

End of season.



